fix: Fix default values and dictionary values for session replay options (#5210)
getsentry/sentry-cocoa: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixes

- Detect AppHangsV2 when tracing not enabled (#5184)

> - Add shared default values for session replay options initializers (#5210)

Reviewer: `m`: Can we point out which default values we fixed, please?
```suggestion
- Fix default values for session replay options (#5210) TODO add the fixed ones.
```

Author: I adapted it, it's only the `enableViewRendererV2` which changed in the initializer.

### Fixes

- Detect AppHangsV2 when tracing not enabled (#5184)

> - Fix default and dictionary values for session replay options (#5210)

Author: I added two entries, one for the fix of unaligned default values and one for the improvements regarding the dictionary initializer for Hybrid SDKs
